# RPM packaging scripts for LaTeX Adobe fonts

This repository contains scripts for building RPM packages of the
LaTeX Adobe fonts Myriad Pro, Minion Pro and Cronos Pro generated by
the awesome [FontPro](https://github.com/sebschub/FontPro) scripts.

These scripts were created as an effort to simplify the maintenance of
Adobe fonts for LaTeX on a Fedora system and to resolve some issues
encountered related to manually `updmap` following font installation
which interferes with the distribution packaging of LaTeX
packages. Therefore, this package will

* Add font mappings to `pdftex.map` and `psfonts.map` for use with
 `pdftex` and `dvips`.
* Remove these mappings when packages are uninstalled.
* Add a trigger to restore the font mappings if the
  distribution-provided package containing the font maps is
  reinstalled (`texlive-updmap-map` for Fedora).

## How to use
1. Follow the instructions on
   [FontPro](https://github.com/sebschub/FontPro) until you reach the
   "Installing" section. Here, instead of installing to your system,
   install to the appropriate subdirectory of this repository. So for
   MinionPro do

        ./scripts/install <path to this repository>/minion

2. Generate the rpm spec file by running the script `mkspec.sh`

        ./mkspec.sh

    Optionally, you can use the options `--<font>-otf` to specify the
    path to a single OTF file which the package version should be
    extracted from:

        ./mkspec.sh --cronos-otf <path to a Cronos OTF> --minion-otf <path to a Minion OTF> --myriad-otf <Path to a myriad OTF

3. Build the RPM packages. For Fedora use

        fedpkg --release f30 local

    Obviously, change this command if you're not running Fedora 30.

4. The generated packages can be found in the `noarch` directory.

## Tested on
     - Fedora 30
     - Fedora 31
